Yes, ICantSeeYouThis blog is here to amuse you. There are funny stories, pictures, jokes and news. The content is updated every day. Anyone with a sense of humor should get at least one laugh a day. I try to find the unusual... after all you get the usual from all the other places!« Farmer takes literal approach to divorce settlement | Main | Bulbdial Clock »April 07, 2008The Top 50 Most Stupid Bush Quotes•A man lost in his geography:1-"We have a firm commitment to NATO, we are a part of NATO. We have a firm commitment to Europe. We are a part of Europe."George W. Bush2-"It's time for the human race to enter the solar system."George W. Bush3-"The vast majority of our imports come from outside the country."George W. Bush•A man lost in his logic:4-" It isn't pollution that's harming the environment.It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it. "George W. Bush5-"Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream."George W. Bush6-"These people are trying to shake the will of the Iraqi citizens, and they want us to leave...I think the world would be better off if we did leave..."George W. Bush7-"I know how hard it is for you to put food on your family."George W. Bush8-"If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure."George W. Bush9-"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we."George W. Bush10-Well, I think if you say you're going to do something and don't do it, that's trustworthiness.George W. Bush•A man lost in space:11-"For NASA, space is still a high priority."George W. Bush•A MAN WITH HEAVEN ON HIS SIDE:12-"I believe God wants me to be president."George W. Bush13- [I was] "chosen by the grace of God to lead at that moment."George W. Bush14-"God told me to strike at al-Qaeda and I struck them, and then he instructed me to strike at Saddam, which I did, and now I am determined to solve the problem in the Middle East."George W. Bush15-"I trust God speaks through me. Without that, I couldn't do my job."George W. Bush•The man lost in his vocabulary:16-" Quite frankly, teachers are the only profession that teach our children."George W. Bush17-"The problem with the French is that they don't have a word for 'entrepreneur'."George W. Bush18-"One word sums up probably the responsibility of any Governor, and that one word is, 'to be prepared'."George W. Bush19-'There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again.'George W. Bush• Thoughts coming straight from George Orwell's '1984':20-"Iraq and Afghanistan ...are now democracies and they are allies in the cause of freedom and peace."George W. Bush21-"Ariel Sharon ... is a man of courage and a man of peace."George W. Bush22-"See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda."George W. Bush•THE DECEIVING PACIFIST:23-"I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace."George W. Bush24-"This notion that the United States is getting ready to attack Iran is simply ridiculous. And having said that, all options are on the table."George W. Bush25-"Free nations don't develop weapons of mass destruction."George W. Bush26- “Governments accountable to the voters focus on building roads and schools—not weapons of mass destruction.” (N.B.: The U.S. has 10,000 nuclear weapons)George W. Bush•The Theologian:27-"Islam, as practiced by the vast majority of people, is a peaceful religion."George W. Bush28-"The Islam that we know is a faith devoted to the worship of one God, as revealed through The Holy Qur'an. It teaches the value and the importance of charity, mercy, and peace."George W. Bush•THE Flip-Flopper:29-"I favor leaving up to a woman and her doctor the abortion question."George W. Bush30-"I am pro-life."George W. Bush31- "The most important thing is for us to find Osama bin Laden. It is our number one priority and we will not rest until we find him."George W. Bush32- "I don't know where bin Laden is. I have no idea and really don't care. It's not that important. It's not our priority."George W. Bush33-"We found the weapons of mass destruction. We found biological laboratories...for those who say we haven't found the banned manufacturing devices or banned weapons, they're wrong, we found them."George W. Bush•The forecaster of things to come:34-"Oh, no, we're not going to have any casualties [in Iraq]."George W. Bush35-"We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur. "George W. Bush36-"I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future."George W. Bush37-"Many Iraqis can hear me tonight in a translated radio broadcast, and I have a message for them: If we must begin a military campaign, it will be directed against the lawless men who rule your country and not against you."George W. Bush, (speech of March 17, 2003)38-"To the C students, I say you too can be president of the United States."George W. Bush•The astute observer:39-"A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls."George W. Bush40-"Brownie (Michael Brown of FEMA), you're doing a heck of a job."George W. Bush•A man and his environment:41-"I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully."George W. Bush•The double-talker:42-"There's a lot of suffering in the Palestinian territory, because militant Hamas is trying to stop the advance of democracy." (N.B.: The Hamas government was elected)George W. Bush43-"We look forward to analyzing and working with legislation that will make—it would hope—put a free press's mind at ease that you're not being denied information you shouldn't see."George W. Bush•THE WOULD-BE DICTATOR:44-"In a time of war, the president must have the power he needs to make the tough decisions, including, if need be, the decision to grant himself even more power."George W. Bush45-"I'm also not very analytical. You know I don't spend a lot of time thinking about myself, about why I do things."George W. Bush46-"If this were a dictatorship, it'd be a heck of a lot easier, just so long as I'm the dictator."George W. Bush47-"I'm the commander — see, I don't need to explain — I do not need to explain why I say things. That's the interesting thing about being president."George W. Bush48- "I will not withdraw [from Iraq], even if Laura and Barney are the only ones supporting me."George W. Bush49- "I'm the decider, and I decide what's best."George W. Bush•And, last but not least, CONSIDERING THE MESS IN IRAQ:50-“I don’t have the foggiest idea about what I think about international, foreign policy.”Posted on April 07, 2008 at 04:37 PM in Cool Lists | PermalinkReblog (0)Digg ThisSave to del.icio.usComments You can follow this conversation by subscribing to the comment feed for this post.Your blog stuffs are fabulous!!!!Awesome!Just keep moving the same way!Posted by: Business Process Analysis Training | December 11, 2009 at 07:24 AMAhaa, its good dialogue concerning this paragraph at this place at this website, I have read all that, so at this time me also commenting here.Posted by: Jodie | November 12, 2013 at 07:00 AM#27 is super racist and shouldn't be included. Islam IS a religion of peace as it is practiced by MOST of it's followers. Just because a few quacks become terrorists doesn't make the billion or so Muslims worldwide all evil. Bush had a point there, and if you disagree and somehow think all Muslims are bad, you are as fucking ignorant as Bush.Posted by: Jacob H | August 10, 2016 at 08:00 AMISLAM is not a race moron.Posted by: Bill cook | August 26, 2016 at 07:45 PMThe comments to this entry are closed.* * * * AboutRecent Posts* Girl Impressively Sings 'You Are My Sunshine' Without Opening Her Mouth* StePhest Colbchella '013 - daft punk'd* Best commercial ever by Honda* Goat With Human Hands Eats Dinner, Newspaper* Playing Ping Pong At The Same Time As The Piano* You dont want to miss this. - Flyboard* How to Fold a Shirt in Under 2 Seconds* Caught on Video - Big Domain Name Auction for .Club win!* Meet Cody The Screaming Dog* True Facts About Morgan FreemanEmail MeSubscribe in a readerCategories* Amusing* Animals* Awesome* Bad Idea* Birds with massive peckers* Books* Celebrities* Computer Stuff* Cool Lists* Crime* Current Affairs* Cute* Economy* Film* Finance* Food and Drink* Games* Grossness* Health* How To* HuH?* Humor* Interesting* Jobs* Jokes* Just Plain Cool* Kids* Medical* Movie Reviews* Movies* Music* Nutjobs* Pictures* Politics* Religion* Sad* Scams* Scary* Science* Sports* Stupid* Technology* Television* Things That Fart* Toys* Travel* Video* Web/Tech* Website* WeirdBecome a Fan